She can often be too thicc for her own good.
Everything she is doing is to try to earn the love of her mentor.
Passion: She will share her passion for climbing with the whole world.
She has spent so long in the enchanted forest that she can't understand anything outside of it.
She spends all of her coin on fireballs.
She will take advantage of her sister for as long as she can.
Passion: She will share her passion for booze with the whole world.
She looks up to her sister, and constatly refers to that person's deeds and example.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the guild.
Even though they are far away, her son will always be close in her heart.
Passion: She will share her passion for storytelling with the whole world.
She has spent so long in the lake that she can't understand anything outside of it.
By her words and actions, she often bring shame to her family.
She will slay the kobolds. All of them.
Conservation: She will fight to protect the pristine wilderness they call home.
Despite her best efforts, she gets jovial very easily.
She believes that everyone is beneath her.
No one is more important than the other members of her guild.
Aspiration: She seeks to prove herself to her daughter through her deeds.
Everyone around her thinks she is cool as hell.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the family.
She will take advantage of her daughter for as long as she can.
Responsibilty: She will defend the temple, no matter the cost.
Her son was full of wisdom, and she is always eager to share that wisdom with others.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the army.
Everything she knows about being a ranger, she learned from her sister.
People: She believes in people, especially her daughter, over things or ideas.
Despite her best efforts, she gets jovial very easily.
By her words and actions, she often bring shame to her family.
She will face any challenge to win the approval of the army.
Conservation: She will fight to protect the pristine university they call home.
She has spent so long in the woods that she can't understand anything outside of it.
She spends all of her coin on fine art.
Everything she is doing is to try to earn the love of her dad.
Responsibilty: She will defend the port, no matter the cost.
She is slow to trust
She can often be too distinguished for her own good.
She will face any challenge to win the approval of the troupe.
Passion: She will share her passion for fireballs with the whole world.
She is ashamed of her accent.
By her words and actions, she often bring shame to her family.
Even though they are far away, an old hermit will always be close in her heart.
Passion: She will share her passion for nature with the whole world.
She has spent so long in the town that she can't understand anything outside of it.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the troupe.
Everything she is doing is to try to earn the love of her best friend.
Conservation: She will fight to protect the pristine city they call home.
Everyone around her thinks she is big.
She can often be too distinguished for her own good.
The mountains is her home, and she will fight to defend it.
Aspiration: She seeks to prove herself to her mentor through her deeds.
She is tolerant of people who break the law.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the tribe.
She will take advantage of her favorite folk tale character for as long as she can.
Loyalty: She trusts that an old hermit will guide her towards the right actions.
Her mentor was full of wisdom, and she is always eager to share that wisdom with others.
She is obsessed with dragon stuff to the detriment of everything else.
Everything she is doing is to try to earn the love of her son.
Loyalty: She trusts that her mentor will guide her towards the right actions.
She is a born survivalist, never passing up an opportunity to show off her skill.
She believes that everyone is beneath her.
She hates her mom.
Conservation: She will fight to protect the pristine village they call home.
She is tolerant of people who break the law.
She spends all of her coin on camping.
She will take advantage of an old hermit for as long as she can.
Responsibilty: She will defend the woods, no matter the cost.
Everyone around her thinks she is rowdy.
By her words and actions, she often bring shame to her family.
She will face any challenge to win the approval of the family.
Responsibilty: She will defend the university, no matter the cost.
She is always crabby, often — or especially — when the situation doesn't call for it.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the rag tag crew.
Even though they may be far away, she will always remain loyal to the rag tag crew.
Passion: She will share her passion for archery with the whole world.
She really really hates dragons.She is terrified by hobgoblins.
She can often be too cool for her own good.
She finds it hard to care again after losing her sister.
Loyalty: She trusts that an old hermit will guide her towards the right actions.
She has spent so long in the university that she can't understand anything outside of it.
She hides a shameful secret that could ruin her family forever.
She still can't seem to trust the other members of her rag tag crew.
Loyalty: She trusts that an old hermit will guide her towards the right actions.
She thinks her oversized hat makes her seem thicc.
She can often be too sexy for her own good.
One day, she will return to her home tundra to show everyone how great of a leader she is.
Aspiration: She will be the best pretend wizard the world has ever known.
She thinks her sweet shoes makes her seem hip.
She can often be too brave for her own good.
People come and go, but her village will always be there.
Passion: She will share her passion for hunting with the whole world.
Despite her best efforts, she gets afraid very easily.
She can often be too brave for her own good.
The island she grew up is the most important place in the whole world.
Aspiration: She seeks to prove herself to an old hermit through her deeds.
She is always cruel, often — or especially — when the situation doesn't call for it.
By her words and actions, she often bring shame to her family.
She is chasing the troll that killed her best friend.
People: She believes in people, especially an old hermit, over things or ideas.
She likes to talk at length about tacos to anyone who will listen.
She spends all of her coin on climbing.
She will get her revenge on the wizards. All of them.
Beauty: She live to see everything the natural world has to offer.
She is fast to trust
She hides a shameful secret that could ruin her family forever.
She hates the assassin.
Beauty: She live to see everything the natural world has to offer.
She is a born pretend wizard, never passing up an opportunity to show off her skill.
She is obsessed with food to the detriment of everything else.
She works to preserve the dying traditions of the troupe.
People: She believes in people, especially her mentor, over things or ideas.
Her sister was full of wisdom, and she is always eager to share that wisdom with others.
She hides a shameful secret that could ruin her family forever.
She will slay the goblins. All of them.
Responsibilty: She will defend the island, no matter the cost.
She looks up to a mountain man, and constatly refers to that person's deeds and example.
She believes that everyone is beneath her.
She will use her adventuring party for as long as it helps herself.
People: She believes in people, especially her daughter, over things or ideas.
She is slow to trust
She can often be too cool as hell for her own good.
She finds it hard to care again after losing a mountain man.
Passion: She will share her passion for booze with the whole world.
Her mom was full of wisdom, and she is always eager to share that wisdom with others.
She spends all of her coin on nature.
She will face any challenge to win the approval of her family.
People: She believes in people, especially her sister, over things or ideas.
She thinks her small hands makes her seem cool as hell.
She spends all of her coin on fantasy things.
No one is more important than the other members of her adventuring party.
People: She believes in people, especially her favorite folk tale character, over things or ideas.
She is slow to trust
She believes that everyone is beneath her.
She will face any challenge to win the approval of the army.
People: She believes in people, especially an old hermit, over things or ideas.
She is slow to trust
She can't resist a distinguished person.
She will take advantage of her brother for as long as she can.
Aspiration: She will be the best boy the world has ever known.
Despite her best efforts, she gets crabby very easily.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the family.
She will always remember the campsite.
Conservation: She will fight to protect the pristine forest they call home.
She is always impatient, often — or especially — when the situation doesn't call for it.
She spends all of her coin on archery.
She wants the common people to see her as a hero.
Passion: She will share her passion for craft beer with the whole world.
She is tolerant of people who break the law.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the rag tag crew.
One day, she will return to her home campsite to show everyone how great of a dude she is.
Loyalty: She trusts that her best friend will guide her towards the right actions.
She is intolerant of other faiths and the worship of other gods.
She puts too much trust in the people in charge of the gang.
She is so proud of her dad.
Conservation: She will fight to protect the pristine enchanted forest they call home.
She likes to talk at length about archery to anyone who will listen.
She believes that everyone is beneath her.
She loves her brother.
Aspiration: She seeks to prove herself to an old hermit through her deeds.
She is fast to trust
